.\" Process this file with groff -man -Tascii cittaclient.6
.TH CITTACLIENT 6 "October 30, 1999"
.SH NAME
cittaclient \- the client application for the Cittadella/UX BBS
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cittaclient
.RB [ "\-hHlnpuv" ]
.RB [ "\-\-host " HOST]
.RB [ "\-\-port " PORT]
.RB [ "\-\-username " NICK]
.RB [ "\-\-localhost" ]
.RB [ "\-\-help" ]
.RB [ "\-\-version" ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B cittaclient
is the client application to connect to 
.B Cittadella/UX
, a multiuser Bulletin Board System.

Cittadella/UX is multiuser Bulletin Board System, with a single server,
under development. Up to now, the client/server comunication, the user
management, the logging facilities and the comunication tools
(eXpress-message, Chat) have been completed, but the room/message
management is still missing.

Once logged to Cittadella/UX, type
.I h
to display the list of commands, or
.I H
to access to the help files and the manual.

See
.BR cittaserver (6)
for details on the Cittadella/UX server.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I "\-h, \-\-host HOST"
Connect to the host
.I HOST
instead of the default host.
.TP
.TP
.I "\-l, \-\-localhost"
Connect to 
.I localhost
instead of the default host.
.TP
.I "\-n, \-\-no-banner"
Ask  
.I Cittadella/UX
not to show the login and logout banners. Useful as anti-boss option :-)
.TP
.I "\-p, \-\-port PORT"
Listen on the port 
.I PORT
instead of the default port.
.TP
.I "\-u, \-\-username NICK"
Connect as the user
.I NICK
and skip the login.
.TP
.I "\-H, \-\-help"
Print a short help text and then exit.
.TP
.I "\-v, \-\-version"
Print the version number to standard output and exit.
.SH FILES
.TP
.IP "./cittaclient"
The local client to connect to
.I Cittadella/UX
.IP "./cittaclient.6"
This man page.
.IP "./manuale.txt"
A short manual in italian (sorry :-) on the usage of Cittadella/UX, under
construction.
.SH BUGS
Minor known bugs are present.
.PP
Please report any other bugs you find to <impe@ping.science.unitn.it>
or using the
.B <B>ug Report
option of
.B cittaclient
.SH LICENCE
Cittaclient/UX is copyrighted by M. Caldarelli and R. Vianello under
the GPL. (See COPYING file).
.SH AUTHOR
Marco Caldarelli <caldarel@science.unitn.it>
.br
Riccardo Vianello <vianello@chim.sns.it>
.PP
Thanks to all people who contributed:
.PP
.br

.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR cittaserver (6)
